doc(backup backing image): add backup and restore backing image doc (#833)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/advanced-resources/backing-image.md

### Parameters during creation

#### The data source of a backing image

> There are 4 kinds of data sources. Or in other words, there are 4 ways to prepare a backing image file data:
> 1. Download a file from a URL as a backing image.
> 2. Upload a local file as a backing image. This is almost exclusive for UI.
> 3. Export an existing in-cluster volume as a backing image.
> 4. Restore from the backupstore, see [Backing Image Backup](./backing-image-backup) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can prepare a backing image using four different methods or data sources.

1. Download a backing image file (using a URL).
1. Upload a file from your local machine. This option is available to Longhorn UI users.
1. Export an existing in-cluster volume as a backing image.
1. Restore a backing image from the backupstore, For more information, see [Backing Image Backup](./backing-image-backup).
```
